Thank you for choosing Creality products.

Shenzhen Creality 3D Technology Co., Ltd. (“Creality 3D”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) solemnly commits to protecting the privacy of these users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") who use Creality products and services (hereinafter referred to as "Creality services"). We may collect and use the information about you when you are using such Creality services. It should be noted that we will review our policies from time to time, therefore such relevant measures may change accordingly. We kindly request that you visit this page regularly to ensure that you are always aware of the latest version of our Privacy Policy. Upon reading this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via cs@creality.com if you have any doubts about this Privacy Policy or the matters related to it.

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
 (I) Information unrelated to personal identity:
When you are using Creality services, we may collect and summarize information such as user origin and access order, including recording the origin of each user using Creality services.
 (II) Information about personal identity: 
When you are using Creality services, we may collect and summarize or ask for your personal phone number, and network identity information (including system account number, IP address, e-mail address and related passphrases, passwords and password protection answers, etc.).
 (1) Personal Internet-surfing records and log information (including website browsing history, software use records, click records, operation logs, etc.);
 (2) Device information (including device model, device MAC address, operating system type and device settings), and software list unique device identification code (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information and other information describing the basic status of commonly used personal devices).
We collect information about you primarily to make it easier and more satisfying for you and other users to use Creality services. The purpose of Creality Cloud is to provide all Internet users with safe, interesting and instructive Internet-surfing experiences, while such information will help us achieve such purpose.
II. HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
(I) We will collect and obtain your information through the following channels, for example:
 (1) The information you provide to us when registering for or using Creality services;
 (2) The shared information you provide to other parties through Creality services and the information you store when using Creality services; and
(3) The information we obtain about you. When you are using Creality services, we collect, summarize and record the involved information, for example: log information, device information and so on.
(II) COOKIES and log files
We or our third party partners may obtain and use your information via COOKIES and store it as log information. Via COOKIES, we provide users with an easy-to-use and personalized network experience. COOKIES represent a small amount of data that are sent from a network server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard disk. We use COOKIES so that its users can benefit.
COOKIES make it possible for us to serve you better and faster, and to personalize your experience with Creality services. However, you should be able to control whether and how COOKIES are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the files that come with your browser for more information in this regard.
 (III) We may collect and use your information via COOKIE and store it accordingly
 (1) Remember who you are. For example: COOKIES assist us in identifying you as our registered user or saving the information you provide us about your preferences or other aspects;
 (2) Analyze your use of our services. We may apply COOKIES to find out what activities you are doing with Creality services, or which services or service are the most popular;
 (3) Conduct advertising optimization. COOKIES assist us in offering you with the advertisements related to you based on your information, rather than conducting general advertising campaigns.
Creality services may contain COOKIES placed by advertisers and other partners. Such COOKIES may collect non-personally identifiable information about you for the purpose of analyzing how users use such services, sending you the advertisements in which you may be interested, or evaluating the effectiveness of advertising services. The collection and use of such information by such third party via COOKIES is not subject to this Privacy Policy, but to their own personal information protection statements; and we do not assume responsibility for the COOKIES of third parties.
You may deny or manage COOKIES through a browser or the user selection mechanism. However, it should be noted that if you disable COOKIES, we may not be able to offer you the best service experience, and even some services may not be used normally.
 (IV) We will collect and use your information for the following purposes:
1. Pushing messages to you
Show and push goods or services to you. Upon your consent, we may rely on your device information to send you marketing information via email, SMS or other means, so as to provide or promote the following goods and services of us or third parties:
Our goods and services include but are not limited to online media services, social networking services, Internet search services, location and map services, application software and services, data management software and services, points and reward programs, device products, 3D printing peripheral products, as well as other goods and services that we believe may be related to you.
2. Improving our services
We may apply the information gathered through certain Creality services to other services of us. For example, your information as collected when you are using certain Creativity services may be used in another Creativity services to provide you with specific contents or show information related to you rather than being generally pushed; we may involve you in surveys related to Creativity services to help us improve existing services or design new ones; and meanwhile, we may use your information for software updates.
You understand and agree that after your information is collected, we may de-identify the data by technical means, and the de-identified information will not help identify your identity, in which case we are entitled to use the de-identified information to analyze the user database and make commercial use of the same. Your consent will be sought in advance if your information is used for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy.
3. With the exception of obtaining authorization. Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, your authorization is not required in collecting your information under the following circumstances:
 (1) It is related to national security and national defense security;
 (2) It is related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
 (3) It is related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
 (4) It is for the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of the information subject or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your personal consent;
 (5) The collected information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
 (6) The information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
 (7) It is necessary for signing contracts as required by you;
 (8) It is necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operations of Creality services, such as finding and handling product or service failures;
 (9) It is necessary for legitimate news reporting;
 (10) It is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research out of the public interest, and to de-identify the information contained in the results when providing academic research or descriptive results to the public; and
 (11) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
III. HOW DO WE RETAIN, STORE AND PROTECT INFORMATION
We will retain your information only for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and for as long as required by laws and regulations.
1. There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2. Your authorization and consent are obtained; and
3. Creality Cloud needs to provide your personal information overseas at the time when the products and services you are using involve cross-border acts. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this Policy and the requirements of national laws and regulations.
We will take the following measures to protect your information:
 (I) Technical measures for data security
We will adopt these security measures in line with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use and modification of your information, and to avoid data damage or loss. Network services employ a variety of encryption technologies; for example, in certain services, we will adopt encryption technologies (e.g. SSL) to protect your information as well as encrypt and save it, and apply isolation technologies to isolate it.
We will adopt a variety of data desensitization technologies to enhance security of the information in use, such as information display and information association calculation. Strict data access control and multiple identity authentication technologies are adopted to protect information and avoid illegal use of data.
 (II) Other security measures we take to protect information include managing and standardizing the storage and use of information by establishing data classification and grading system, data security management norms and data security development norms.
We conduct comprehensive security control over data through information contact confidentiality agreement, and monitoring and auditing mechanism. We strengthen safety awareness. In addition, we hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of information protection.
 (III) We only allow these Creality 3D employees who need to know such information to get access to your information, and set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms in this regard. Meanwhile, we require all the personnel who may have access to your information to fulfill the corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill such obligations may result in legal liability or suspension of the partnership with Creality 3D.
 (IV) We will take all reasonable and feasible steps to ensure that no irrelevant information is collected.
 (V) The Internet does not present an absolutely secure environment, and it is impossible to determine whether the communication methods with other users in e-mail, instant messaging, social networking software or other service software are completely encrypted, so we recommend that you set complex passwords when using such tools, and make every effort to guarantee information security.
 (VI) Since the Internet environment is not 100% secure, we will endeavor to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. In case our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access to or public disclosure, tampering or destruction of your information, and further resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will assume corresponding legal liabilities.
 (VII) Security incident handling
 (1) In the course of communicating with third parties or purchasing goods and services through Creality services, it is inevitable that you will disclose information about yourself, such as contact information or postal address, to counterparties or potential counterparties. Please get your information protected properly and provide it to others only when necessary.
 (2) In response to the potential risks of information leakage, damage and loss, we have developed multiple systems to clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and vulnerabilities, as well as the corresponding handling processes. Furthermore, we have set up a special emergency response team for security incidents, started security plans against different security incidents as required by the security incident handling norms, stopped losses, analyzed, located and developed remedial measures, as well as collaborated with relevant departments to trace and combat. In the event of any unfortunate information security incident, we will inform you in time as required by laws and regulations, including the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks independently, and the remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you about the incident-related situation by mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc.; and we will make an announcement in a reasonable and effective way when it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one. Meanwhile, we will proactively report the handling of information security incidents as required by regulatory authorities.
 (3) Cloud storage services: With a view to providing you with cloud storage services (the pictures and audio and video contents you upload to Creality Cloud will be stored in the cloud and related scenarios), third-party service providers may collect your device information, network-related information and operator information.
If you have any questions about the above, you can visit www.crealitycloud.com/ at any time to obtain your information as collected and processed by us or our cooperating third parties.
IV. YOUR RIGHTS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Pursuant to the laws and regulations of your residing country or region, you are entitled to request access, correction and deletion of any personal information held by us related to you (hereinafter referred to as the "request"). But such rights will be subject to specific exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. And any of your questions can be addressed via cs@creality.com to us.
If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, the device will not offer network functionality.
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via cs@creality.com, the official mailbox.
